[Music]
mysterious holes confusing fabric
squares perplexing hooks seemingly
random markings additional buttons and
color codes whew sounds like a quilting
class to me but everyday things hide
tons of Secrets let's check how many of
them you've known before these two holes
in a lollipop stick are there the hole
the candy in place when the stick is
dipped in hot liquid syrup it flows into
the holes and solidifies now your sweet
is there to stay to find an expiration
date on makeup look for a little open
jar icon it's called the PA o period
after opening and it tells you how long
you can safely use the product after
opening it next to the jar there's
usually a number with the letter M which
stands for me know it stands for months
the only thing you need to do is to
remember when you open the package boots
gas cans have two holes with cats one
bigger and one smaller
you're supposed to uncap the smaller one
before pouring gas inside the bigger
hole it'll prevent the liquid from
glugging and spilling all over your
clothes and the ground book pages are
often printed on large sheets of paper
rather than on small individual ones if
there isn't enough content to fill these
sheets there are blank pages left
publishers often print the word notes or
leave some other signs on them so that
readers don't think it's a printing
mistake fabric squares that come with
clothes are for you to try out your
cleaning products on them first this way
you won't ruin the entire item once you
decide to wash it the rumble strips on
the side of the road are supposed to
wake up sleepy drivers who doze off
behind the wheel when your tires drift
off onto these strips the noise and
vibration work like an alarm clock don't
peel post-it notes off from the bottom
it'll create a crease in the paper and
the note won't stick well after that
tear it off from the side and it'll
stick longer
weird markings on the bottom of a
toothpaste to have nothing to do with
the ingredients they're actually
therefore factory robots to brush their
teeth now colorful squares mark the line
for a machine to know where to cut and
fold the to each Heinz packet has a
number on it the same product and have
different numbers because they indicate
which filling line the packet was filled
on the soft round part under a soda
bottle cap keeps the carbonation from
escaping without it your pop would go
flat in no time probably even before you
buy it cover the mirror in your bathroom
or at least a face sized part of it with
a thin layer of non gel toothpaste wipe
it off now when you take that hot shower
the mirror won't fog up this trick works
with car mirrors to French sailors were
the ones who started to use pom-poms
fluffy balls prevented them from hitting
their heads against the ships low
ceilings later the pom-pom design was
adapted by army troops and that's how
they ended up decorating our beanies
if you don't have anywhere to put a
toothpick after using it sap off the
flat end at the first groove and put it
on the table now you can balance the
used portion of your toothpick on the
grooved part so it doesn't have to touch
the table each of the rings on a phone
jack represents different components if
your phone jack has three rings it means
your device can produce stereo sound and
your earphones have the microphone
function a little groove on the bottom
of a cup or mug let's cool air flow
underneath it saves glassware from
cracking when a scorching beverage heats
it up plus when you place cups upside
down in the dishwasher the grooves
prevent water from stagnating in the cup
bottoms as soon as you notice the blue
bristles on your toothbrush fading it's
a sure sign it's time to replace it if
you don't have small kids around turn
the lid on a childproof
prescription bottle upside down and
there you go
no more struggle the tiny hole in a
padlock bottom helps drain the water
from the outdoor lock after the rain it
prevents the things from rusting and
clogging you can also use this hole to
oil the locks hinges so that it doesn't
get stuck if a lock doesn't have this
small hole you should only use it inside
outer rings in zipper sliders especially
when two sliders are used together are
added so that you can connect them with
a lock and keep sticky fingers away bath
foam relieves stress
cleanses the skin and keeps the water
warm foam is made up of tiny air bubbles
they form an insulating layer on the
water surface keeping heat from escaping
side holes and sneakers are for laces
since sneakers were originally invented
for basketball players this interesting
design allowed to accommodate any
players foot they just needed to lace
their sneakers in the most comfortable
way for them colorful plastic ties on
bags of bread indicate when the loaf was
baited the color code is the following
Monday of blue tagged Tuesday green
Thursday red Friday white and on
Saturday you can buy fresh bread with a
yellow tag the utility knife is supposed
to last way longer than most people
think the knife blade is made of narrow
parallel sections when the instrument
gets blunt break off the top section
with a cap you find at the bottom
voila you have a brand new sharp blade
again just don't forget to put some
safety gloves and goggles on first some
button-down shirts have a button on the
back of the collar it's there so that
the tide doesn't stick out from under
the collar as for that locker loop on
the back you can use it to hang the
shirt on a hook without wrinkling it a
seemingly random diamond sized hole in
the elevator door is actually a keyhole
if the doors get stuck an operator can
open them manually by inserting a
special key in this hole the same tool
is used when an elevator needs routine
maintenance the holes in the bottom of
earphones allow air to circulate up and
through the speakers it helps to
increase low frequent
he's making the bass sound deeper the
whole sound quality also becomes much
richer that drawer at the bottom of your
stove isn't for storing pans and cookie
sheets its purpose is to keep your
dishes warm whenever you cook a large
amount of food
well one dish is in the oven it warms up
the already prepared ones in the drawer
below the big toothy spoon is great for
grabbing spaghetti out of the pot but
you can also use it before the dish is
even ready the hole in the middle is
there to measure portions however many
dry noodles you can fit into it
that's the amount one person needs
diamond slits on backpacks were
originally placed only on traveller bags
their only purpose was to carry ropes
these days you can find such slits on
pretty much every backpack why not use
them to carry a bottle of water an
umbrella or a pair of sneakers ever use
those flimsy ribbed ketchup containers
they have at fast-food restaurants then
you've probably wondered why they don't
make them a bit bigger but they can be
just pull the ribs outward and the
container can house will weigh more
sauce so if you ever find yourself in a
condiment race you can always catch up
catch up yeah hey if you learned
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember always stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
you